Readings: HTML Links, JS Functions, and Intro to 

CSS Layout
Below you will find some reading material, code samples, and some additional resources that support the topic for this class and the upcoming lecture.

Reading
Learn HTML
Creating Hyperlinks

1. To create a basic link, we wrap text or other content inside what element?
A basic link is created by wrapping the text or other content, see Block level links, inside an <a> element and using the href attribute, also known as a Hypertext Reference, or target, that contains the web address.

2. The href attribute contains what information?
The href contains two components: the URL, which is the actual link, and the clickable text that appears on the page, called the "anchor text."

3. What are some ways we can ensure links on our pages are accessible to all readers?
To create Accessible Hypertext Links
1. Use concise and meaningful text for links.
2. Do not capitalize all letters in links.
3. Avoid using URLs for link text.
4. Do not use the word "link" as part of the link text.
5. Do not use tooltips/screentips to add additional information.

CSS Layout
CSS Layout: Normal Flow CSS Layout: Positioning

4. What is meant by “normal flow”?
Normal Flow, or Flow Layout, is the way that Block and Inline elements are displayed on a page before any changes are made to their layout. 

5. What are a few differences between block-level and inline elements?
Block elements always start from a new line. Inline elements never start from a new line. Block elements cover space from left to right as far as it can go. Inline elements only cover the space as bounded by the tags in the HTML element.

6. ___ positioning is the default for every html element.
 Static 

7. Name a few advantages to using absolute positioning on an element.
1. Good cross-browser support.
2. Less dependence on floats.
3. Less dependence on margins.

8. What is a key difference between fixed positioning and absolute positioning?
Absolute positioning fixes an element in place relative to its nearest positioned ancestor, and fixed positioning fixes an element in place relative to the visible portion. 

Learn JS
Functions – Reusable Blocks of Code

9.  Describe the difference between a function declaration and a function invocation.
The main difference between a function expression and a function declaration is the function name, which can be omitted in function expressions to create anonymous functions.

10. What is the difference between a parameter and an argument?

The term parameter refers to any declaration within the parentheses following the method/function name in a method/function declaration or definition; the term argument refers to any expression within the parentheses of a method/function call.

Miscellaneous
11. 6 Reasons for Pair Programming
1. Greater efficiency
2. Engaged collaboration
3. Learning from fellow students
4. Social skills
5. Job interview readiness 
6. Work environment readiness

12. Pick 2 benefits to pair programming and reflect on how these benefits could help you on your coding journey.
1. Engaged collaboration
It allows programmers to focus on the same code at the same time. The are able to share ideas and strategies. 

Charles E. Campbell

2. Learning from fellow students
Peer learning is a better strategy for solving problems. Two minds are better than one. Shared knowlege and alternative solutions is a benefit as well.